go
borough and we are deep in costa mesa
for the globe premiere of year zero the
new flick they come up with a pretty
well set up is beat up old muscle cars
and TP behind me and some well ghetto
camo room over here for VIPs I don't
really know what what the whole theme is
but I like it and I'm starting to fill
up and we're about to get into it
what's up I'm herb George I'm the art
director of globe we're at the Year Zero
premier we're doing a launch of the
g-shock elaboration we kind of transform
this into a post-apocalyptic world
really excited to see the film jôji and
the serve team really busted their ass
and really going to bring a sick product
to people and I hope that people really
enjoy hey my name is joe g and we're
here in Costa Mesa California for the
world premiere of our new surf film here
0 we always try to do the globe films a
little differently than everybody else
goes our films we try to have a concept
around it so this time we did year 0
which is like the idea is that we kind
of went on this road trip through the
apocalypse but the apocalypse was
amazing wasn't bad it was fun so yeah we
shot it all in super 16-millimeter film
and our crew traveled around the world
with our guys and we got great ways and
had a great time and so now we get to
show everybody what we did will be fun
top pump Johnson tail I'm a g-shock
Rider yeah I'm not just the best
throughout the year of global event
having a great time rocking with juice
shocking on man I'm super excited to be
here at the Year Zero premier excited to
watch my yadin nicol the hob goods all
the boys rip it up some little TV we are
you